hey guys we're here Josh that's not the
new 454 2013 race season but no figured
I'd take some time I'll answer a couple
questions that you guys have here how do
you workout and stay in shape that's the
best way oh yeah that's the best way to
work out what are you doing a turn
to turn what gear do you start in and
how do you get all the holeshot the gear
I started in second gear just like
everyone else I gotta give a huge thanks
to motorsports for that an awesome Honda
motor blondes and brunettes
we'll stick with the blonds right now
mentally how do you come back after a
bad injury after a bad injury you know
it's uh it takes some work and some
dedication to get back on the bike but
you know once you're once you get back
on you just gotta you gotta take your
time get back into the groove of things
get a feel for the bike you know just be
aware of the mistakes you made before
and really concentrate on you know
focusing on the track and you know where
you make mistakes that so you don't have
those mistakes again but you know it's
just uh it's just it just takes some
time you know it definitely comes back
to you you just got to give it time what
do you drive daily my daily driver is my
pickup truck
it's a GNC 3500 dirtbags
that's my baby you could have any
outside outside company sponsor you who
would it be the outside sponsor that's
why we asked I don't know off the top of
your head first company who would you
want the most everybody has to have a
pickup truck to go to call their bike
somewhere so probably a pickup truck
company what element you consistently
work on practicing the main thing that I
can work on practicing is I try to set
my fastest lap time a lap timer I try to
stay within that second you know touch
of a second but try to stay consistent
and try to keep moving forward and also
try to run at least
what's your favorite track my favorite
track um I want to say Red Bud you know
Red Bud Michigan has always just been a
favorite of mine it's a just a nice big
outdoor track it's got a couple natural
terrain and it's fun you get a lot of
speed and everything got some see some
jobs but
how often do you train on the quad I
like training on the quad probably for
probably four to five times that I would
probably ride the other day is either do
cardio like which over here whatever you
got to do that you know keep your your
endurance what do you think about the
suspension on the 1300 the suspension of
the 13 well hey guys I appreciate you
have some of the questions over I hope
you guys enjoy it and thanks